for me you know I just believe that if
you're gonna be life coach you got to be
a life coach 247 because life is a
full-time job
why you always got to speak in pairs you
know how many travel permits wants to
make all I'd think about it what you
gonna think about do you need me to
speak in parables to I'm gonna just
follow my calling and being a
motivational speaker
last I checked her the subject of a
10-minute Stewie film not the Green Mile
right my family probably waiting for me
outside right now like Michael Moore
have be in TJ's Pio is frustrating got a
lot of potential you know but he's
staked doing some stupid
have I ever one time miss one of your
debate yeah because I was in jail right
let's classify as up today I'm strictly
on my billionaire grind I denounce that
pity hustle hey y'all got y'all got some
change our bus passing behold I'm gonna
build my motivational company from the
flow up till it blow up and get my dough
up hey you could take that spit out they
can edit that out now he ain't perfect
he's trying yeah that's for you you
ain't no pain to be the pathway to your
perfect don't seek success seek partners
and let success find you desire position
doggystyle what no sure oh you play too
much
no you fill it out
[Music]